[ADD] spreadsheet: global filters (#9524)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/spreadsheet/filters.rst

parameters* to present specific data. Each filter is created in this two-part process: setting
parameters, then specifying the values of the parameters.

To access the available filters for a spreadsheet, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Documents
app`, then click on the desired spreadsheet. Next, click the :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`(Filters)`
icon in the top-right corner to view the available filters.

.. image:: filters/filter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The filter icon in the top-right corner of a spreadsheet.

Add a new filter
================

If no filters have been configured for a spreadsheet, a new filter must first be added.

Click the :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`(Filters)` icon in the top-right corner, and a
:guilabel:`Filters` popover window appears.

Beneath the heading :guilabel:`Add a new filter...`, click on one of the presented filter options:
:ref:`Date <filters/date>`, :ref:`Relation <filters/relation>`, or :ref:`Test <filters/text>`. The
options presented are the only filters that apply to the selected spreadsheet.

.. image:: filters/add-filter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The filter options that appear after clicking the filter icon.

> Below are all the various options that can appear in the :guilabel:`Add a new filter...` list.

Reviewer: Should add an anchor link here, or something else to make it clear that the options are below the following paragraph. It just feels a bit broken up

> Once the information is entered for a filter, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the filter
> configuration. Once saved, the filter appears beneath the :guilabel:`Filters` heading, and above the
> :guilabel:`Add a new filter...` section, and is ready to use. Once configured, the specific
> parameters within the filter can be selected, and the information is then presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the information is entered for a filter, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the filter
configuration. The filter then appears beneath the :guilabel:`Filters` heading, and above the
:guilabel:`Add a new filter...` section, and is ready to use.
```
Just want to make it a little less repetitive.

- :guilabel:`Default value`: this selection appears **only** if either :guilabel:`Month / Quarter`
  or :guilabel:`Relative Period` is selected for the :guilabel:`Time range`. The option presented is
  to :guilabel:`Automatically filter (the data) on the current period`. Tick the checkbox to
  activate this option. When activated, a drop-down menu appears. Select the time period to present,
  either :guilabel:`Month`, :guilabel:`Quarter`, or :guilabel:`Year`.
- :guilabel:`Field matching`: the spreadsheet can be further filtered down, if desired. It is
  possible to specify which fields on the spreadsheet to apply the filter on. When entering a value
  for a :guilabel:`Date` filter, two fields must be populated: the :guilabel:`Date Field` and the
  :guilabel:`Period Offset`.

When all the information is entered on the form, click the :guilabel:`Save` button.

.. image:: filters/properties.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The filter panel with all the filter info entered.

Once a filter is configured and saved, it appears beneath the :guilabel:`Filters` heading, and above
:guilabel:`Add a new filter...`. Beneath the skill label, a drop-down menu appears. This allows to

> filter the data by the set :guilabel:`Time rage` set for the filter.

Reviewer: I think this section could use an image, just because there are a few different location cues that make it a little confusing (below this, above this). 
Also, I am a little confused on this part, could use a bit of clarification- "This allows to
filter the data by the set :guilabel:`Time rage` set for the filter"

> .. example::

Reviewer: I like how thorough this example is, but I don't know if it is completely necessary.

     :guilabel:`Last 30 Days`, :guilabel:`Last 3 Years`, etc.) to be selected.

   - If a filter is created with :guilabel:`From / To` selected for the :guilabel:`Time range`,
     two drop-down menus appear beneath the filter label: :guilabel:`Date from...` and
     :guilabel:`Date to...`.

     Using the calendar popover, select the date range for the filter.

.. _filters/relation:

Relation
--------

This filter selection organizes and presents data in the spreadsheet that are based on a specific
model of information within Odoo.

.. note::
   Most data entered in Odoo populates fields based on a model or formula. This method for
   populating a variety of fields is what is accessed to filter data by.

First, the :guilabel:`Filter properties` must be configured. These settings determine what specific
data is presented.

Select this type of filter if the data should be filtered by specific models.

Populate the following fields presented in the date filter:

- :guilabel:`Label`: enter a name for the specific filter. Note that if this field is left blank,
  once a :guilabel:`Related model` is selected, that selection text populates the :guilabel:`Label`
  field.

> - :guilabel:`Related model`: using the drop-down menu, select a model from the list. The available
>   models to select is based on the information presented in the spreadsheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Related model`: using the drop-down menu, select a model from the list. The available
  models are based on the information presented in the spreadsheet.
```

- :guilabel:`Default value`: this selection appears **only** after a selection is made for the
  :guilabel:`Related model` field. Using the drop-down menu, select the :guilabel:`Default value`.
  The presented options are directly related to the selected :guilabel:`Related model`; changing the
  :guilabel:`Related model` changes the options in the drop-down menu.

.. image:: filters/relation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The fields filled in for a relation filter to show only employees who left the company
         because they retired.

.. _filters/text:

Text
----

> This filter selection organizes and presents data in the spreadsheet that are based on specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This filter selection organizes and presents data in the spreadsheet based on specific
```

words.

First, the :guilabel:`Filter properties` must be configured. These properties determine what
specific data is presented.

> Select this type of filter if the data should be filtered by specific words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This line is repetitive from above, I think it can go.

Populate the following fields presented in the text filter:

- :guilabel:`Label`: enter a name for the specific filter.
- :guilabel:`Restrict values to a range`: tick the checkbox to limit the results to a specific
  range of values. When enabled, a blank text box appears. Enter the range in the field. If the

>   entered range is not applicable, the box turns red and a red :icon:`fa-exclamation-circle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  entered range is not applicable, the box turns red, and a red :icon:`fa-exclamation-circle`
```

  :guilabel:`(Exclamation)` icon appears.
- :guilabel:`Default value`: enter a default value for the search criteria in this field.
- :guilabel:`Field matching`: the spreadsheet can be further filtered down, if desired. It is
  possible to specify which fields on the spreadsheet to apply the filter on. Using the drop-down
  menu, select the field that the filter applies to.

  .. note::
     The information presented in the spreadsheet is indicated in the :guilabel:`Field Matching`

>      section. For example, if a spreadsheet is presenting employee contracts organized by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     section. For example, if a spreadsheet presents employee contracts organized by
```

     department, the :guilabel:`Field Matching` section displays :guilabel:`Employees Analysis by
     Department (Pivot #1)` in the field, above the blank lie where information is populated.

Manage filters
==============

> Once a filter is configured, it appears on the right-side of the spreadsheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a filter is configured, it appears on the right side of the spreadsheet.
```

> Once a filter is configured, it appears on the right-side of the spreadsheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a filter is configured, it appears on the right side of the spreadsheet.
```

To change the order in which the filters appear, hover over a filter to reveal a
:icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` :guilabel:`(vertical ellipses)` icon. Click on the icon and drag the filter to
the desired location.

To remove a configured filter, click the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(Clear)` icon to the right of
the filter.

> To make any edits to the filter configuration, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Edit)` icon to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit the filter configuration, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Edit)` icon to
```

> the right of the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(Clear)` icon. Make any edits to the filter, then
> click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the right of the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(Clear)` icon. Make any necessary edits,  then
click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

.. image:: filters/manage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The icons displayed after filters are created and saved.

> All filters created for the spreadsheet appear in this list, until they are removes with the

Reviewer: I think this last section should go above the image. I am not sure if it needs to be in a call out block, but when it is below the screenshot, it is easy to be lost at the end of the page.
```suggestion
All filters created for the spreadsheet appear in this list, until they are removed with the
```

> :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(Clear)` icon. There is no limit on the filters that can be added to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(Clear)` icon. There is **no** limit on the amount of filters that can be added to the
```
